README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="120px" src="./public/images/icon.png">
</p>

<!-- <p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.org/package/element-plus">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/element-plus.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://npmcharts.com/compare/element-plus?minimal=true">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/element-plus.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/element-plus/element-plus">
    <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/element-plus/element-plus/branch/dev/graph/badge.svg?token=BKSBO2GLZI"/>
  </a>
  <br>
</p> -->

# site-blocker
Hi! Welcome to this project!😙  

I'm currently working on it. Please leave an issue if you think there could be any improvement. Appreciate it! 😋  

## Quick Start
I haven't registered an account for publishing extensions on the markets, so the simplest way to use the extension is follow the steps below:
1. Clone or download the project
2. npm install
3. npm run build
4. Open your Chrome and navigate to [Extension Page](chrome://extensions/)
5. Open `Developer Mode` and then choose `Load unpacked` to upload the `dist` folder generated in the 3rd step.
6. Have fun using the extension! 😉

## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run build-watch
```
This will automatically generate `dist` folder and regenerate it everytime you change your codes.

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint:fix
```

Commit message:

docs: add README.md about the release info

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="120px" src="./public/images/icon.png">
</p>

<!-- <p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.org/package/element-plus">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/element-plus.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://npmcharts.com/compare/element-plus?minimal=true">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/element-plus.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/element-plus/element-plus">
    <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/element-plus/element-plus/branch/dev/graph/badge.svg?token=BKSBO2GLZI"/>
  </a>
  <br>
</p> -->

# site-blocker
Hi! Welcome to this project!😙  

I'm currently working on it. Please leave an issue if you think there could be any improvement. Appreciate it! 😋  

## Quick Start
I haven't registered an account for publishing extensions on the markets, so the simplest way to use the extension is follow the steps below:  

1. Download the `dist.zip` through [here](https://github.com/evankwolf/chrome-site-blocker-extension/releases/tag/Latest)
2. Unzip it and then open your Chrome
3. Navigate to [Extension Page](chrome://extensions/). Make sure the `Developer Mode` is on.
4. Select `Load unpacked` and upload the folder unzipped in the 2nd step.
5. Have fun using the extension! 😉  

Or
1. Clone or download the project
2. npm install
3. npm run build
4. Open your Chrome and navigate to [Extension Page](chrome://extensions/)
5. Open `Developer Mode` and then choose `Load unpacked` to upload the `dist` folder generated in the 3rd step.
6. Have fun using the extension! 😉

(Focus Mode is still under development. It's kinda like [Pomodoro Technique](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique). Please follow the latest release you are intersted in the function.)
## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm run build-watch
```
This will automatically generate `dist` folder and regenerate it everytime you change your codes.

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint:fix
```
